README.md, before:

# ReactTut
Just to learn React a little bit, I'm going to make a fake little student portal applet thing. 

# Plan
- flashcards
    - the page should start with a "no card selected" page
    - clicking on a deck in the left bar should display the cards in the deck on the right
    - when entering study mode, the left bar should disappear
    - with a button on the top to study
    - each card should show the front and back
    - and have a checkbox to be included
    - when you click to study, it will have side to side arrows
    - and clicking on the card will swap the side
    - learn how to make a fancy flipping animation
- assignments
    - there should be submissions and quizes
    - I'm not sure if there should be a middle thing or side thing
    - quizes should have a start page
    - and then following pages with multiple pages or response sections
    - or even submissions
    - then they should finish with a submit thing
    - submission pages should have a description, then a submission part
    - after submissions 
- lessons
    - this also should have a side bar on the left
    - the lessons should just be a page with 
    - special fields
    - or pictures
    - and subheadings
    - the sidebar should have a little dropdown for the current lesson
    - with hyperlinks that scroll down to the subheading/image of choice

Commit message:

basic start to lessons page

README.md, after:

# ReactTut
Just to learn React a little bit, I'm going to make a fake little student portal applet thing. 

# Plan
- flashcards
    - fix the fact that you can click study mode without selecting a deck and it blows up
    - clicking on a deck in the left bar should display the cards in the deck on the right
    - with a button on the top to study
    - each card should show the front and back
    - and have a checkbox to be included
    - when you click to study, it will have side to side arrows
    - and clicking on the card will swap the side
    - learn how to make a fancy flipping animation
- assignments
    - there should be submissions and quizes
    - I'm not sure if there should be a middle thing or side thing
    - quizes should have a start page
    - and then following pages with multiple pages or response sections
    - or even submissions
    - then they should finish with a submit thing
    - submission pages should have a description, then a submission part
    - after submissions 
- lessons
    - the lessons should just be a page with 
    - special fields
    - or pictures
    - and subheadings
    - the sidebar should have a little dropdown for the current lesson
    - with hyperlinks that scroll down to the subheading/image of choice
